ASH
'Whoa, a huge Pok mon battle!'
And it's taking place
right here in town.
‐ Wow!
‐ We should definitely go.
[EXCITED]
‐ Wait! Is that..
‐ Huh?
It is! Diantha's doing
an exhibition battle.
‐ Wonderful!
‐ Yeah.
Awesome, alright!
So, who's Diantha, anyway?
[groaning]
How can you not know who she is?
She's the strongest Trainer
in all of Kalos, that's who!
Yup, she's the champion.
[PROUD]
Really? No kidding?
[AMAZED]
Diantha, the Champion, huh?
I'm psyched!
Not only is Diantha
the Champion
she also happens to be
a world‐famous movie star.
‐ Movie star?
‐ Just have a look up there!
ASH
Huh? Whoa.
CLEMONT
That's her in the blockbuster
"My Sweet, Sweet Lady."'
'Elegant, with a dignified
presence!'
The all‐around perfect
leading lady.
‐ I so admire her!
‐ I do, too!
‐ Yes!
‐ Huh?
That's it!
I'll challenge her!
[DETERMINED]
In that case, I'll ask her
to take care of Clemont for me!
DEDENNE
[HAPPY]
‐ That's even more ridiculous.
‐ Huh?
ASH
Come on! Let's go see her!
‐ Hey!
‐ Coming..
CLEMONT
Wait for me!
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Its you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"The Bonds of Evolution!"
NARRATOR
As our heroes continue
their journey
to Shalour City
and Ash's next
Gym battle challenge
they decided to go and meet
Diantha, the Champion!
Excuse me, I'd like
to get a word with Diantha.
Everyone, settle down!
ASH
Check out that crowd!
Now, Diantha won't be
seeing anyone
or giving any interviews today.
‐ Know what?
‐ We're out of luck.
‐ Shall we go back?
‐ 'Hey,
‐ Huh?
‐ 'Over here!'
‐ Nice to see you.
‐ Huh!
Professor Sycamore?
'What are you doing here,
professor?'
There's only one reason for me
to be away from my lab.
And what's that?
You're here to do research
on Mega Evolution, right?
Still as perceptive as ever,
Clemont. Exactly.
I'm doing extensive research
on Diantha's Gardevoir
and its Mega Evolution.
‐ Oh!
‐ Wow, Gardevoir?
‐ It can really Mega Evolve?
‐ It sure can!
Wow. I wanna see!
Have you already seen Diantha,
professor?
‐ I have.
‐ Huh?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
She's getting her makeup done
in the next room.
ASH SERENA BONNIE CLEMONT
Oh!
Diantha's on the other side
of that door!
Wow, wow, wow!
We are so unbelievably lucky!
Yes! I'm gonna go challenge her
to a battle!
Sorry to keep you waiting,
professor.
Oh, dear, I see you have guests,
don't you?
‐ Oh. It's Diantha for real.
‐ Oh.
So pretty!
[chuckles]
Why, thank you.
So, did you reconsider what
we spoke about earlier, Diantha?
You must mean about me lending
you this Key Stone, right?
Key Stone?
I'm sorry, but I'm afraid
I can't.
If there's anything else I can
help you with, I'd be happy to.
But, this Key Stone is part of
the bond I have with Gardevoir.
‐ Bond?
‐ I can't lend it to anyone.
‐ Sorry.
‐ I understand how you feel..
But please..
Alright then, well,
how about the next time
I visit Lumiose City,
if I have some time‐‐
KATHI LEE
Not going to happen. No way!
Diantha's schedule
is already jam‐packed.
Right now, we haven't any plans
to visit Lumiose City.
Your expression is as cute
as ever
when you get angry you know..
[groans]
Why don't we discuss
this whole scheduling conflict
in a civilized way over
a little dinner?
KATHI LEE
No, thanks.
You're on soon.
Are you all set to go?
Yes, you're all welcome to stay
for the exhibition battle.
Ohh.
[AMAZED]
ANNOUNCER
And now,
for today's main event..
Please welcome our Trainers!
'Crowned Best of Brackish Town
just last year..'
...say hi to Magnus!
He'll be facing off
against the elegant
Kalos region Champion,
Diantha.'
[crowd cheering]
‐ Yeah!
‐ Yay, Diantha!
Professor, what's with
that Key Stone
you two were
talking about before?
You see, the Key Stone
is crucial for a Pokémon
to Mega Evolve.
The stone a Trainer possesses
is called a Key Stone.
And the stone a Pokémon
possesses
is called a Mega Stone.
Key Stone and Mega Stone.
Alright, Gardevoir, it's time.
Let's show the fans
a spectacular battle.
[APPEARING]
The Champion's Pokémon.
[AMAZED]
POKEDEX
Gardevoir, the Embrace Pokémon.
'Gardevoir will use all
of its psychic energy'
'to protect a Trainer it has
made a deep connection with.'
Hey, look! Gardevoir's wearing
a pendant as well.
Yeah, you're right!
That's Gardevoir's Mega Stone.
Mega Stones have many different
names, depending on the Pokémon
that Mega Evolves.
In Gardevoir's case, its Mega
Stone is known as Gardevoirite.
I see! As long as you have both
a Key Stone and a Mega Stone
a Pokémon can Mega Evolve.
‐ So cool.
‐ 'That's actually not enough.'
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
'A Pokémon can't Mega Evolve
unless the hearts'
of Trainer and Pokémon
become one.
Hearts become one?
It means they need to have
an exceptionally
strong bond between them.
Of course!
'That's what
Diantha meant when she said'
'the Key Stone is part
of their bond.'
Hmm, it sounds like
the Champion's Gardevoir
possesses the power
to Mega Evolve.
Yeah! That's what
I'm talkin' about.
Diantha's a great actress,
just like myself.
Oh, how did I forget that?
A fellow great actress's Pokémon
is worthy to be my Pokémon.
And Gardevoir will be
my Pokémon, mark my word.
Marked! In addition,
the Boss will love a Pokémon
that can Mega Evolve.
Now! Absol, let's go.
[APPEARING]
Gardevoir and Absol.
POKEDEX
Absol. The Disaster Pokémon.
'When disasters are detected
with its horn
'Absol comes down from
the mountains to warn people.'
Here we go.
Now, let the battle begin.
You may go first, Magnus.
Thank you! Absol, use Bite.
[BITE MOVE]
Hmm.
GARDEVOIR/ABSOL
[DETERMINED]/[BITE MOVE]
It's gone!
MAGNUS
Absol, Behind you!
Now, use Quick Attack!
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
GARDEVOIR/ABSOL
[DODGING]/[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
It appears Diantha
and Gardevoir can communicate
by making eye contact.
Huh? Oh, wow,
they can do that?
[AMAZED]
I'd have to say
it's their strong bond
that allows them
to successfully accomplish that.
Alright, use Psycho Cut.
[PSYCHO CUT MOVE]
Hm, use Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[PANIC]
[ANGRY]
In that case, use Perish Song.
[PERISH SONG MOVE]
And checkmate, use Moon Blast.
[MOON BLAST MOVE]
ABSOL
[PAINED]
[STUNNED]
ANNOUNCER
Absol is unable to battle,
Gardevoir's the winner.
'Which means, the victory goes
to Diantha.'
‐ Incredible.
‐ Diantha's amazing.
‐ Wonderful.
‐ She's strong.
‐ Gardevoir didn't Mega Evolve.
‐ And they still won.
Awesome!
[crowd applauding]
Yeah! I'm gonna get her
to battle me!
I'll ask her again, too.
For my research.
MAN #2
Will she comment on her victory?
‐ Just a few words?
‐ Whoa!
They're all here again.
Diantha's shooting a movie
right now
so, she's already left
the stadium.
‐ 'What?'
‐ Man.
‐ She's already gone?
‐ Movie stars sure are busy.
‐ That's too bad.
‐ So, what do we do now?
‐ Wait, just a sec..
'Let's go here!'
It says they make the best
chocolate cake anywhere.
‐ Let's find out.
‐ I wanna go too.
Sounds great.
Would you like to come,
professor?
Sure do! First, I have to send
the footage to the research lab.
‐ I'll meet you there.
‐ Great.
SERENA
Huh, ow!
There's a crowd here, too!
It seems like there's a huge
crowd everywhere we go today.
‐ Yeah.
‐ They're not gettin' me down.
‐ Let's move it.
‐ Right with you.
‐ Huh?
‐ Ehh..
BONNIE
'I'm exhausted.'
But we finally managed
to get a piece of cake.
Can't wait to try some.
‐ Now! Let's see.. Ah!
‐ 'Wait!'
[SAD]
SERENA
'What are you thinking?'
That slice
is for the four of us!
‐ Gah! This one slice?
‐ 'That's right!'
If we're not splitting it,
I'll just eat it all by myself.
Hey! I want some.
[SAD]
One slice, that's all?
CLEMONT
Sounds like that's my cue!
[chuckles]
The future is now,
thanks to science.
Clemontic Gear, on!
I thought we would encounter
a situation precisely
like this one, I call it
the Precisely Even Cut‐o‐matic.
SERENA
"Precisely Even Cut‐o‐matic?"
Like the name suggests,
it eliminates the imperfection
from eyeballing a cut,
making equal slices
with 0.1 millimeter precision.
We've got this one piece,
it's got to be right.
‐ 'Alright, here we go.'
‐ 'You're sold out already?'
‐ 'Huh?'
‐ I'm so very sorry.
What a tragedy, to think
I came all this way
just to have a piece
of this shop's
award‐winning chocolate cake..
‐ Huh, the end of the world.
‐ End of the world?
‐ That's disappointment!
‐ Ma'am?
If you're okay with a bite,
we'll be happy
to share ours with you.
‐ You will?
‐ Sure!
‐ Haven't I seen you all before?
‐ Huh?
Hi, it's me.
SERENA/ASH/BONNIE/CLEMONT
Huh! Diantha?
PIKACHU/DEDENNE
[SHOCKED]
Shh.
[chuckles]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Gardevoir!
[PROUD]
CLEMONT
'Now, where were we?'
‐ Alright.
‐ Science is so amazing.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ 'Help yourself, Diantha.'
‐ 'Thank you.'
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/CLEMONT
'Let's eat!'
‐ Mm..
‐ Mm.
‐ Mmm.
Mmm.
‐ So good!
Wow, best chocolate cake
I ever had.
It is, the sweetness brings
the bold bitterness
and acidity together perfectly,
a memorable cake, for sure.
‐ You certainly know your cake.
‐ I just adore desserts.
‐ I do, too.
‐ Me too.
DEDENNE
[HAPPY]
Whenever I visit a town
for work, I always look forward
to sampling their most
popular desserts
whether I'm busy or not.
CLEMONT
Movie star and Champion,
juggling two jobs
must be challenging,
to say the least.
But I do it out of love
so, it's really not work at all.
You're so amazing.
That's right, you're a keeper.
He‐he‐he!
Won't you please,
take care of my brother?
‐ Take care?
‐ I told you to stop this!
You see,
my brother is a bit shy.
So, I thought it would be good
if he married
a dependable woman like you.
Me? Marry your brother?
[chuckles]
It was a joke.
I wasn't joking!
Excuse me, Diantha?
Please have
a Pokémon battle with me.
Huh, you?
‐ Ash!
‐ Huh?
You must know Diantha
doesn't get much private time
and here you are bothering her
this way.
Yeah, but..
I want to be a Pokémon Master.
So, having a battle with you
would be awesome.
'Because you're the Champion.
Please?'
‐ Alright.
‐ Huh?
I usually turn down unofficial
battle requests
but, you shared your chocolate
cake with me, just this once.
Alright she said yes, Pikachu!
[EXCITED]
'A battle against
the Champion, eh?'
SERENA
Professor.
If you don't mind,
I'd like to come watch it.
I see you're going to use
Pikachu..
‐ Right?
‐ Right.
[EXCITED]
Now, I really hope to see
a Mega Evolution this time.
Battle begin!
‐ You may go first, Ash.
‐ Pikachu, use Iron Tail.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
GARDEVOIR
[DODGING]
Now, follow it
with Quick Attack.
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
GARDEVOIR/PIKACHU
[DODGING]/[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
Use Electro Ball.
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[DODGING]
Now, Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
GARDEVOIR
[DODGING]
Huh, wow, it dodged
Thunderbolt, too..
[SHOCKED]
Pikachu's moves
didn't do a thing!
‐ Wow!
‐ And checkmate.
Shadow Ball, go!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
PIKACHU
[PANIC]/[PAINED]
Pikachu!
[panting]
[grunting]
‐ Ash!
‐ Oh, man, that hurt.
But I'm fine.
Hey, buddy, are you okay, too?
[REASSURING]
'Alright, the real battle
starts now.'
[thinking]
He really cares
about his Pokémon.
Ash is a very passionate
Trainer.
GARDEVOIR
[SURPRISED]
[all gasping]
Prepare for trouble,
actress to actress.
But two are too many,
so more is really less.
To protect the world
from competition.
In keeping
with the actor's tradition.
To perform with great style,
truth and love.
To allow great talent
to fit like a glove.
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
JESSIE
Team Rocket blasts off
with award‐winning grace.
JAMES
Surrender now or prepare
for us in your face!
Meowth, on the case!
[PANIC]
Team Rocket!
You're doing it again?
They're a bunch of
really bad guys
who go around stealing
other people's Pokémon.
They steal Pokémon?
What despicable people!
Why, thank you, we'll wear
that as a badge of honor.
Since I'm the greatest actress
of all time
I accept your kind words.
Quick, Gardevoir, Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Oh, smashing.
The only thing
getting in and out of this box
is sunlight, dig!
And, curtain up!
[all screaming]
MEOWTH
Bye‐bye, chump guys!
[coughing]
‐ Ah, they're gone.
‐ They flew away.
Don't worry,
I'll take us right to them.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
Diantha, wait, do you know
where Gardevoir is?
Yes.
[panting]
BONNIE
Come on, Clemont, hurry up!
It happened when I was
in the Lapidarian Highlands
for a film shoot.
Whoa! That's one of the last
unexplored regions in the world.
Yes, that's right.
A thick fog
rolled into the area
while we were shooting.
Huh.
Huh?
It's Gardevoir.
[HAPPY]
KATHI LEE
Diantha!
[CALM]
DIANTHA
Later, my manager Kathi Lee
told me that Gardevoir
had appeared
from its Poké Ball on its own.
It then guided everyone to
exactly where I had gotten lost.
Hm, could the stones be
responsible for what happened?
I wonder..
Maybe Diantha's and Gardevoir's
hearts were connected
and called out to each other.
Did you say it was our hearts?
‐ I think Ash is right.
‐ Yup.
Hmm, huh?
Gardevoir's up ahead.
‐ Huh?
ASH
It's them!
So, let's review, this Gardevoir
can Mega Evolve.
And once it's safely
into the Boss's hands
we'll evolve into big shots.
A major mega‐promotion!
[laughing]
JESSIE/JAMES
'Hey!'
There they are..
Ash, I want you all
to stay here.
‐ Uh, but..
‐ It'll be fine.
Alright, you listen.
I want my Gardevoir.
‐ How'd she find us?
‐ Ha! The how means nothing!
We'll just see, now, Gardevoir!
Let's show them a few things
about a strong bond.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
‐ Look at that light..
‐ Is it..
It is! That's when a Pokémon
Mega Evolves.
Gardevoir, now Mega Evolve!
[EVOLVING]
[PROUD]
‐ Yeah, check it out!
‐ Wow! It Mega Evolved!
‐ What a sight.
‐ Excellent.
‐ It's so coo.
‐ Marvelous.
JESSIE
Uh, I think we're in trouble.
MEOWTH
Chill! Our box can deal with
'anything
that galoot dishes out!'
Use Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[explosion]
[screaming]
‐ Our box is junk.
‐ Such pompous power.
And checkmate!
Excellent work.
Use Moon Blast.
[MOON BLAST MOVE]
‐ Let's beat a hasty retreat.
‐ Step on it.
[MOON BLAST MOVE]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
‐ Awesome!
‐ You did it!
[laughing]
[PROUD]
‐ Huh?
‐ Hey, look, it changed back!
Right, what makes
Mega Evolution different
from ordinary Evolution
is it isn't permanent.
[all gasping]
That's what I call
perfect timing.
Diantha!
[chuckles]
Ash, I realize
we weren't able to
finish our battle together,
but it was fun.
I thought it was fun, too!
PIKACHU
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Thanks so much to all of you.
SERENA
Will we ever see you again?
BONNIE
I wanna talk to you more.
Now, you shouldn't bother her
like that!
DIANTHA
I'm sorry. I have a movie shoot
to get to.
I want to thank you for showing
me the bond that's so crucial
for a Pokémon to Mega Evolve.
I'm glad I was able to help.
Take care!
ASH
Diantha?
Right now, I'm training really
hard to enter the Kalos League!
So, when I win,
will you battle with me again?
That's a tall order!
But, that's the spirit.
Yes! I look forward to it!
NARRATOR
An encounter with Diantha
has given our heroes
and Professor Sycamore
a deeper look
into the mysteries
of Mega Evolution!
Now, it's off once again
to Shalour City
as the journey continues!
[theme music]